<h1>Why this commit was required</h1>
Prior to commit "Adding MySql to Project", all records for both orders and customer were held with Redis. This, however functional, provides drawbacks in system operation, namely that records are held on memory (not storage) and that Redis itself is not a relational database. The issues with this (pertaining to the latter point) are that relationships couldn't be created between customers and orders with Redis, which will be <b>required</b> for the release of a future commit. To the former, records being held in system memory is not so much a significant issue whilst records are limited in number, but with larger numbers of records the use of Redis as the primary storage system will see stress applied to system performance.
<h2>The Solution</h2>
To resolve this issue, MySQL has been included into this project as a storage system that is both relational, and a method which saves records to storage [documentation of how to setup MySQL will be added later]. With this commit, MySQL has been configured to be used with the project, and has been set up the storage method for customers. In a later commit, MySql will be used to store orders as well, however Redis will still be operational with this project for orders, as it provides far quicker access to records compared to MySql. For Orders, the intention will be that records will be held on a MySql table, and when a customer is active on the system so many of the customer's previous orders will be moved to Redis, along with any new orders the customer may choose to add. After a period of time, the records will be then recorded from Redis to MySql.